Current item:
	Turrets shoot and monsters take damage and die

Switch back to popup menu
	Make it so that tapping anywhere but the menu closes the menu
	Play with various sizes .. maybe try to make menu items small enough to allow clicking on tiles they obstruct

Previous floor above at 50% opacity

next floor below at 50% opacity

Perhaps we could have buildings that increase human ferry rate into monolith (helipad?)
	- This could be the start of stuff that could get tacked on the side(s)

maybe separate out description from menu

Clicking on turret should show attack radius 

Achievements:
	Shooty McShootFace : have a turret with 100+ kills
	Slaughter: Have over 1000 total kills

Maybe rather than turrets have farms ... point is to create sustainable humanity?

Library: Speeds up labs
	Can only be built adjacent to existing libraries
	Libraries are gifted randomly by "dignitaries" at milestones
	
Kitchen, and walk-in freezer.
	If freezer is adjacent to turret, enables slowing bullets
	
When rendering "3D": http://www.noeltock.com/tilt-shift-css3-jquery-plugin/

Minification: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9287823/combine-and-minify-multiple-css-js-files

Change game modes using get parameters

Upgrades should go back to being stored more simply in floor tiles

Maybe population should increase faster the more you have (either more pop or more habitats / distance between pop and capacity)

Background images changes as tower gets higher ... you can reach cloud level then space level where aliens are like wtfmate pew pew.

Menu always visible

Blinking icon on the screen indicating current "need"
	Beds, then stairs, then monsters

Start with one turret
Have a visual cue for when player attention is required at the base of the tower

Display Number the floors

Mouseover objective shows text (as title for now)

players can color their monoliths... interior, exterior, furniture. even itemized or classified furniture
	(all items dealing with "population" are blue, all turrets red, etc.)
